hey guys how's it goin this is anthony
again and now i want to review the
playmates classic collection Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles Donatello
absolutely love these new Turtles
figures couldn't be more pleased with
them almost I guess there's a couple
things I might tweak and I'll point
those out but overall these are
absolutely great figures on the base he
dug they do come with bases it's not
really a thick base at all
but on top of the base he stands seven
inches tall we'll go ahead and pull him
off of the base just for the purpose of
the review without the base he's about
just shy of six and three-quarters and
just for reference we can stand him next
to the NECA comic style
Michelangelo all these turtles are the
same size so it doesn't really matter
which one but he really just towers over
them aside from the size issue it's
really good I think to have both of
these figures these guys represent the
comic accurately and these guys
represent the TV show and if you're like
me you grew up on the TV show so you can
appreciate both of them so I would
suggest you get both but since we're
talking about these let's talk about
these Donatello is they're all basically
the exact same figure with a couple of
different tweaks here and there but I'll
go ahead and point out everything he
comes with his bow it's solid Brown
there's really no shading or anything
going on the sculpt work is okay though
and then it has the white handle which
isn't painted particularly well but it
is there no big deal decent size it's
six inches long so decent size he's got
the belt with the shoulder strap and the
place to put the bow in there which
works just fine it holds it in place and
he looks good with it on his back so
that's nice of course the straps are
soft so they don't get in the way of the
articulation but we'll get to that in a
minute the heads are on that kind of
joint which is fine except if you ask me
they should have used a smaller ball
joint so you can get a little bit more
range out of the mobility they don't
have a whole lot they had the swivel of
course but as far as the other
motion it's kind of limited not too bad
obviously it's fine I'm just saying it
could have been a little bit better
sculpt work is fine though overall it
looks great it looks just like it should
a lot of people have trouble with the
eyes being googly that's easy to paint
those over and fix those but I was able
to get some that weren't too too bad so
I may just leave them I don't know yet
for sure
the bandanas are soft so we don't have
to worry about them breaking and overall
the paint works pretty decent everywhere
other than the eyes the belts are a
little sloppy here and there but it's
not too bad
and it's nice and like the shell part is
nice and flat there's no glossiness to
the front a little bit to the back but
not too bad so overall it looks pretty
good shoulder articulation just like
Marvel legends ball disc by sub swivel
double jointed elbow so a good range of
motion there's the wrist swivel and it's
technically see if I can show you this
there's a hinge in there so it's got a
little bit of extra range of motion in
there it's really stiff but you can use
it then each finger is articulated
individually I thought this ugly joint
here was going to bother me but you get
used to it really fast so it's not
really a problem then the thumb has a
swivel and a hinge in it so you can
really get some nice poses and he can
hold the staff with no problem at all
just rotate the thumb down and it's
really not an issue so that's a very
nice feature
having figures able to hold their
accessories is a big bonus the torso is
separate he's got great range of motion
so I decide rotation in front to back
somewhat limited but not too bad the
shell is connected to the top half which
works well because no matter how you
pose me it's gonna look pretty good not
really too much of a problem unless you
look directly from the side then it
looks a little weird but no big deal the
belt goes all the way around on the
shell and then on the body so that way
that's always solid too so it looks
great hips are like the new Marvel
Legends hips they have well they're kind
of like that their ball joints inside
there I don't know if you can really see
that their double ball joints and then
they have the cut joint here so kind of
like
mix of the old-school turtles and the
new Marvel Legends with the with the
swivel there he has the double jointed
knees single jointed ankle and
individually articulated toes now the
feet do not have an ankle swivel
unfortunately they rotate but there's no
or an ankle rocker I'm sorry or pivot
there's no side-to-side motion it's not
a huge problem because the toes are
individually articulated so even if you
put his foot out to the side a little
farther you can kind of turn it and get
it to work the way you want and it's
okay it's not a problem but it could
have been a little bit better if they
did the head other than that thoughts
have really solid figure the size alone
makes it worth the price I think he's a
great size figure looks just lazy
supposed to comes with a great
articulation and an accessory and a base
and really there's not a whole lot to
complain about maybe the ankle rocker
and maybe the eyes otherwise that's it
it's a great figure they look great on
display I'll show you all the turtles
together real quick and then we'll call
it a wrap
so there's Donnie that's what I call
them zoom out a little here you have Leo
wrath let's see if I can fit them all
with their bases I don't know if I can
and Michelangelo so can't really fit
them all move back so as you can see
they're just they look great overall in
a highly recommended 100% must-have if
you're a Turtles fan these are the
figures to buy so no question about it
go get them one thing I want to mention
while I have them all like this they do
have their individual skin tones
Michelangelo is a little bluish Raphael
is a little more solid green Leo's a
little lighter and Donatello is kind of
an off green he should be probably a
little more Brown ish I think but either
way it's still pretty good really the
most noticeable noticeable one is Mikey
but either way is still very good so
that does it for the Donatello review
check out the other reviews for these
guys and check out some other videos in
the near future in the meantime keep
collecting